Remove mention of {...} as a shorthand in type specifications (#13311)
elixir-lang/elixir: lib/elixir/pages/references/typespecs.md

## Types and their syntax

> The syntax Elixir provides for type specifications is similar to [the one in Erlang](https://www.erlang.org/doc/reference_manual/typespec.html). Most of the built-in types provided in Erlang (for example, `pid()`) are expressed in the same way: `pid()` (or simply `pid`). Parameterized types (such as `list(integer)`) are supported as well and so are remote types (such as [`Enum.t()`](`t:Enum.t/0`)). Integers and atom literals are allowed as types (for example, `1`, `:atom`, or `false`). All other types are built out of unions of predefined types. Some shorthands are allowed, such as `[...]` and `<<>>`.

Reviewer: The goal of this section was not to say that `{...}` is allowed, but rather that `{` and `}` are allowed. What do you think about this change:

```suggestion
The syntax Elixir provides for type specifications is similar to [the one in Erlang](https://www.erlang.org/doc/reference_manual/typespec.html). Most of the built-in types provided in Erlang (for example, `pid()`) are expressed in the same way: `pid()` (or simply `pid`). Parameterized types (such as `list(integer)`) are supported as well and so are remote types (such as [`Enum.t()`](`t:Enum.t/0`)). Integers and atom literals are allowed as types (for example, `1`, `:atom`, or `false`). All other types are built out of unions of predefined types. Some types can also be declared using their syntactical notation, such as `[type]` for lists, `{type1, type2, ...}` for tuples and `<<_ * _>>` for binaries.
```

Author: Makes sense, thanks 👍
